ESOF322 Assignment 2
overview.txt


Team Members:
Andrew Jenkins
Stephanie McLaren
David Schwehr
Kay Spokas
Matt Rohrlach


Changes:
Set up methods to link the GUI with player movement, inventory management,
and player status.

Added additional text box area to show character status ("Ouch, my face!", etc.).
Enabled character status to reset when each room is entered.

Adjusted button locations to make room for new text output area.
Added method to create rooms, player, key, and treasures.

Trouble Spots:
We had some trouble sorting through the code to see where certain methods
were being called, and adapting those methods to suit our needs.
Figuring out the layout of the classes was challenging.

Design Approaches:
Group meeting to discuss design.
Since we were having trouble interpreting the code, we took a half hour to
simply read each class and figure out how the program worked. Then we discussed
what changes we needed to make.

We tested our code very often to see if it ran properly. We also would stop to
consider the UML diagram and discuss how to continue.

We divided up the writing of the methods, UML diagram construction,
GUI implementation, and overview file between group members, so everyone could
be working on part of the project.

Collaborated on updating and implementing the code.


Special Instructions for Running Program:

Please note that the player must choose which interface they wish to use.
Once a game has been started with either the command terminal or GUI, they must
use the same interface throughout.


Time Spent by Each Team Member:

Andrew Jenkins - 5 hours
Stephanie McLaren – 4 hours
David Schwehr - 5 hours
Kay Spokas - 6 hours
Matt Rohrlach - 4 hours


GitHub Repository Transcript:

The push and pulls from the repository are not useful in determining a group
member's contribution within this particular team. Given the complexity of the
instructor-provided code, we decided to meet for several hours to figure out
what needed to be done, and work on the code (and related documentation)
together. Once the meeting was concluded, we uploaded results from only one
user's profile. In short, the work done by each member is not reflected in the 
transcript.

  